Update code to use ENV vars for jup swap api (#659)
helium/wallet-app: README.md

- Be mindful when creating Pull Requests, specify the reason of the change clearly and write tests if needed.
- Wallet app is mostly accepting bugfix contributions. For features we may reject them based on the fact that they do not fit our roadmap or our long-term goals.

### Using custom Swap API endpoints

> You can set custom URLs via the configuration for any self-hosted Jupiter APIs, like the [V6 Swap API](https://station.jup.ag/docs/apis/self-hosted) or [QuickNode's Metis API](https://marketplace.quicknode.com/add-on/metis-jupiter-v6-swap-api). Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set custom URLs via the configuration for any self-hosted Jupiter APIs, like the [V6 Swap API](https://station.jup.ag/docs/apis/self-hosted) or [Paid Hosted APIs](https://station.jup.ag/docs/apis/self-hosted#paid-hosted-apis) Here is an example:
```

Reviewer: Would like to just list the one common location for paid hosted APIs

```

> JUP_SWAP_API=https://quote-api.jup.ag/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JUP_SWAP_API=https://quote-api.jup.ag/v6
```
